<b><font size="5">Welcome to the Feenix 2.4.3 Bugtracker!</font></b>


<b>Before reporting any issue:</b>

<ul>
<li>Clear your cache (additional: wtf) folders of your game client. As the data of your client can interfere with data of our server, there is a possibility that your issue is not a server side issue, but caused by your clients cache</li>
<li>For gathering quest issues: Abandon and retake the quest in particular</li>
<li>Ask other players if the same issue is encountered</li>
<li>Always visit Blizzlike websites like <a href="http://old.wowhead.com"><tt>Wowhead</tt></a> or <a href="http://www.wowwiki.com"><tt>WoWWiki</tt></a> to familiarize yourself with the matter and assumed issue. Beware of the fact that game functionalities as uled might differ from our patch</li>
</ul>

If you performed the actions as described above, and your issue still persists you can make a report on our issue tracker

 
<b>Issue reporting</b>
 
<b>-- Before posting any issue:</b>

<ul>
<li>Search the tracker if the issue already has been reported. If a report already exists, do not make a new report. Duplicate reports will be removed without notification</li>
<li>If you have additional information for an existing issue, please post it in reply of the excisting report. Do not bump existing reports without any relevant information. These will be removed without notification</li>
<li>Report only 1 issue in your report, if you have more issues to report, create a seperate report about it</li>
</ul>
 
<b>Format of your report</b>
 
<b>-- Title:</b>  
 
The report title should always contain a short and clear description of the issue you are reporting
  

<b>-- Format:</b>
 
The following data should always be present in your report:

<ul>
<li>A clear description of your issue, as detailed as possible In other words, when does your issue occur, what actions do you perform when it occurs, which npc's are involved, etc</li>
<li>Links to sites that provide us with Blizzlike data are appreciated We prefer taking data from <a href="http://old.wowhead.com"><tt>Wowhead</tt></a> or <a href="http://www.wowwiki.com"><tt>WoWWiki</tt></a></li>
</ul>


<b>-- Additional:</b>

<ul>
<li>We encourage to submit screenshots, as this can help us investigate the reported issue</li>
<li>Any additional information that will help us investigating and solving the issue</li>
<li><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aQd0yDhj89iW325jQ3M1BhcD1Rbju-4dr1LH8ZBPy3c/edit?pli=1"><tt>Here</tt></a> is a form and sample on how to report a bug</li>
</ul>

Thank you for reporting!